what is it exactly you do forgive me
John doing her robbing banks that's a
serious thing to say to a girl you just
met
alright baseball movies good clothes
fast cars and you what else you need to
know today I am declaring United States
of America's first war on crime your
task will be to get John Dillinger are
you up to that task agent Purvis
absolutely sure we are pursuing hardened
killers plagued a mr. president go spin
the dial that's your money mister yes
whatever the bank's money not yours put
it away how the whole country thinks
you're doing here Oh
robbing banks getting tougher where I'm
too good a time today we ain't thinking
about tomorrow
yeah we'll you ought to put some clothes
on this
they're extraditing you wear to Indiana
why I have absolute nothing I want to do
it Indiana how long did I thank you to
go through a bank about one minute 40
seconds flat
well here's a man who feel pretty Bluff
little bit only way that you would leave
a jail cell is when we take you out to
execute you
well we'll see about that John Dillinger
has given us a second chance to get job
Youngjae you be anywhere where are you
going mama we took good for being tough
enough smart enough or fast enough I hid
anything I want anytime they got to be
it everything all the time
you still
what if we can get out of here out of
here there
want to take that ride light man yeah I
want to take that right